Suojärven Timo's lecture on patient injuries in prosthetics. It comes with a very broad range of prosthetics usually with little grade assessment and more. Then there is the periodontologist Martta Martola's lecture on perimplantitis and then Implantticasias, a kind of vodcast where Peter and I go through these common problems, or the most common problems that can come with implants and they are good to identify and know how to solve them. Finally, there is a section where it is important to identify, these are by no means the first things to do, i.e. there is an Implantology Advanced webinars series, Timo Suojärvi and Ilkka Pallonen. It then does things like say high-end implant therapy in the anterior area and aesthetic area and really demanding tricks, but they are important to recognize when you do it yourself, when you go to the border, when the work can suddenly become really difficult. And then there are orthodontic perspectives. Timo and Virpi Myller, oikoja Virpi, then discuss the topic and how it can be pre-protectively utilized. At the end of the theory is the final exam and by doing it, part one of the driving license is done. Driver's license part two, Components for Familiar Day in Helsinki at Clarion Hotel. It starts with Peter's refresher lecture, a little of these basics are replayed to the bottom of it at the beginning and then there are four implant brands involved. Straumann, Densply Sirona, Nobel Biocare and Camlog-Conelog, i.e. Implantona Oy. Let's get to know their components, what kind of parts there are, how they differ from each other and there are also four different scanners then included, i.e. let's see how the scanners are reproduced and indeed the idea of the day is to get to grips with these parts, familiarize ourselves with the scanner and get a little bit of practice with them on the spot then copy. Then I would say that the steak on this license is the part three and it is this small group coaching, master-racing coaching, where Peter then catches. A maximum of ten can be accommodated, i.e. those who leave here, so it is worth quickly signing up to get a seat there. The target group here is graduated general dentists with little or no experience in implant treatments. So maybe not for all the tough guys, but of course they're welcome here too. In summary, the composition is the start date at Futudent's premises in Helsinki, then there is following Peter's work at a private reception, then remote sessions with Peter and at the end we still gather and share all the certificates and a digital package of that kind to everyone. It's about six or nine months, but now I'm giving Peter the floor. Tell us a little bit about that structure from the start date how it goes with this coaching. Yeah, it's made up of a theory part. Let's go over a few things. Let's focus on the interface between advanced demanding implant prosthetics and basic implant protetics in order to be able to better identify this patient selection and the patients we treat. And then the second part is this hands-on,