Because if you don't have it, in the moment when the world really seems to fall and there are no customers in that business, there is a lot of stress and then when you have to do it extramally walk and if then that shared will can be called flexibility, but whatever it is, then you can't find something else but in that moment you need to start doing something else that is not possible for the business at that moment even for Prisma's shopping, which is also important, but then we have a problem with it. It's just like this. I know from experience that this is a very important point that you have mentioned here. Very important. Greetings to all spouses of entrepreneurs that we will never be remembered to thank you, but at least not enough. That's how a national Entrepreneurs' Spouse Day should be set up, when we have the victims of entrepreneurs from all over the world. Someone like that. Bystander victims. Yeah. Now we had at least theoretically returned some money and we should get this, of course, if there are no inheritance forests or get married well, so that the spouse can get a sponsor for this. You have to go humbly to the bank. What shall we tell of it? Where to get this money, or how to get someone to fund it. This is the side that I kind of feel terribly badly about, in a way, that these different ones, but after all, there are certainly different start-up funds and investment subsidies available for these now. You can get from Finnvera at least if I don't know for that start, but in fact, at least at some point you probably have. Thus, Finnverahan is a government loan, an instrument unit from which entrepreneurs and companies can borrow with relatively small collateral. It's one place. But the important thing here is that you must have a so-called business plan written in many places. You said about this partnership agreement that the truth has shown that in the end, a dispute is created with or without air. There is at least as amusing a feature of a business plan, because what is written on it on paper, where are we going and aiming and how is this thing going, they rarely, however, in the real world actually go that way. But at least they've had to think once and it's a believable story to have for yourself in the moment that we'll put five hundred thousand euros into this and then we're told that this and this is how many customers come in per day.