Before the funding separates. And taxes should snap at that, too. Yeah, and then taxes. But with that... say another snap, what's the deletions? What are they targeting? What do you mean by deletions? Depreciation is targeted, for example, if we have purchased the equipment. Fixed assets. Fixed assets, equipment. If we have purchased the equipment and those then these are the types of machinery equipment overhaul or business if we are buying. We have purchased such an asset that will have an income-generating effect in the long run. It's not like... the IRS won't accept it as a one-time deduction. For example, a consumable when it is purchased, then it is used for its fiscal year. Or print papers. Either way. But if we equip the treatment room with machinery and equipment, we see that it will have an income-generating effect in the long run. For five to seven years those expenses are amortized. And it's going to wear off after all. Yes, yes. That is what is meant by this. And now we're talking about EBITDA coefficients. Now, on some basis, the buyer will start to appreciate it. And now it's interesting to ask that if I now google that EBITDA factor, which is the most common thing to buy, then we won't get anything against it. Sector specific and it is target specific and in this way. It is, after all, about the little things and the margins that have emerged there in the negotiations and in this way. Could we clarify this coefficient in such a way that from the buyer's point of view he is willing to pay, let's say the coefficient is taken three, then multiply it by the EBITDA of three and then the buyer thinks that he will pay for this company for three years, if everything stays the same, then three years as if the cover for that seller. And the seller, on the other hand, thinks that I will give up this for or against the fact that I am going to make a profit for myself in the present at once for the next three years. And let's say now in this way that then this will become this interesting math about this EBITDA factor, that let' s say it's now the hundred dollars you mentioned there before. One hundred thousand is EBITDA. Let's say that at odds three, I'll now pay you that hundred thousand euros and so on. Didn't you say three hundred thousand on three? Yeah, three times a hundred thousand, or three hundred thousand. It seems to be paying attention to you. Pay attention, yes. But the point now is, okay.