that there is also a huge increase in the field of root canal treatment and also where a 3D view is needed there and it is all positive to hear that if it can even get to that amount of dose in the PTG image. Small field size when using or possibly using these low-dose programs, which fortunately is available nowadays a lot. These now listen to that 24-hour background radiation, so yes you can easily find the grounds for the picture, if you suspect that there is something, then you may not be too afraid of it then, that compared to some CT scan of the whole body. Yes, yes, to say that if you get a clear benefit from a picture, then the justification is then realized in dental imaging, that the additional risk that a single picture brings to an individual person is very minimal. Then one could go through these radiation protection training requirements for clinicians and oral health professionals, in this case not go to the medical side. Let's start with the general dentist, what is the requirement right now? In general dentistry, there should be twenty hours of in-service school every five-year period, i.e. basically when looking back in time five years then twenty hours should be completed. Exactly and it doesn't matter how it splits in its five years that it can be one big package or whatever. Yeah it can be one big package or more sprinkled. And then the dental hygienist, the dental nurse, who often takes those pictures under the direction or prescription of the dentist. Of course, they assume that there is basic training in order and on the other hand also equipment training, that the so-called key technology for the device in question is in order, and in addition to this it is the same twenty hours for them as well. And then again, if you think of the medical profession as dental radiologists, then the requirement is forty hours that there will be a little more. So what if the reception has a KTTT device separately. Will there be any additional requirements for this ST training then? Legislatively, no more. In the past it was that certain courses had to be taken by both the users of the device and the doctor responsible for the procedures, i.e., who is responsible for those CBTT descriptions, their justification and so on. But nowadays there is no specific course in the legislation, which is required, but this normal supplementary training, radiation safety training, so in practice it must also include things related to BCTT training and it is again the responsibility of the responsible party to consider that his/her staff has sufficient competence both for the use of the device and also for this clinical need and interpretation of the image and other subject matter. I bounce back a little bit, we talked about those doses of radiation at the beginning, and I've been thinking about it,