get the teeth out and of course then this color, that if the color feels like it is too light, when it has now been bleached in this case then even then change the color completely and others then if something doesn't work then make the layout corrections or requests for them and nothing else in it. Then let's get ready. At that point, when I fit them in my mouth, it's actually a bit hard to watch the bite, but is it any use to you? I have a habit of taking a bite paper and leaving a mark on the patient. And those tracks can stay with you there. Yeah, yeah, I think it's fine. I also see that it is a balanced bite, that if, for example, there is less, then I can see for myself that it's true or I see that there is a little less in there. I can put it down a little bit and get it even better. And in principle, if for some reason it happens that one side catches and the other side does not, can you take the index from that situation? Yeah, that's the index but in between and bites it. That's where I can fix it then. Good, with these I will then go on Monday and we will see here next week then come back and then we will make a ready-made prosthesis and continue with us then. Well, let's get on with it, thank you. Thanks, man. Here is the finished layout in the articulator. Let's put it in the mouth. To do this, on the chart plate against the mucous membranes. Let's take a look at that free space now. Same things as in that diagram phase. Teeth together and a little relaxed, so appropriate. Let's look at the lips again next. Then look at the upper lip passage line approximately and the smile line. And in this case, I always compare to that old prosthesis, which doesn't show up at all under the lip and there aren't many teeth in the smile line. The centerline is considered to match there with the central skeletal line and then we look at that frontal plane according to the pupil and the flanks still according to Camper's level. Then a little bit of the letter V, let's see how it goes and S and the other letters went through. Then we'll take a look at how those teeth fit together on those sites in front of us and it looks pretty good all of a sudden that there are probably pretty good contacts all over. Let's tap a little bit from different sides together to get a little trace there and see.A little more emphasis on that front and the other side. Then, let's take a look at the slight slight movements so that the teeth don't come loose from there wax. You can see that there are some grinding marks on both sides. Balance-side contacts and a little emphasis in that premolar area of those contacts at the moment. In front of one a little more powerful and flanked and those marks now