When you have a long line factor, such a small uncertainty factor maybe in the back of your head, you wonder if this is sure to work or not. But it's going so fast with development that I can see that in five years we'll probably be making such marginal more difficult cases with traditional copying. Yeah, I've noticed the same thing with myself that my own inconvenient cases may not be the same as those of special dentists, but they're probably the ones I still want to do traditionally, but of course this digital reproduction especially now that the software updates are coming and everything is absolutely amazing how accurate they are and it's more comfortable for the patient, it'll be faster and then in its own way even more sure that then that if it goes to plan, you'll take a while you wait. It's good in that sense and then you can kind of add there that if you left something or whatever then you don't have to unpack everything but you can just add some and we'll catch them there and everything else. That maybe from the lab point of view I then said that intraoral or digital world requires a little bit of practice in the sense that pretty easily there are all of them like that for making the product themselves and then all the libraries and others so they are very for such morphologically maybe goes a little over. They are pretty big cusp slopes and everything else and easily become as the structures may become a bit too big and plump. So, for example, we still do things now before I learn enough. We do some of the plans digitally already insanely much, but bigger bite rehabilitations or others, if they have been taken digitally those reproductions, we print the designs and traditionally do the waxing, because that's when we see them in three dimensions much better than just from that two-dimensional screen. But you can take from the direction of the dentist, when you can now print those models then, Joo et it's like I said, not necessarily like, there are already receptions out there, after all, they don't even use traditional stuff anymore but they are just digital and they're not just anything like chairside receptions but they use them specifically as a copycat which sends most of the labs. One more question about this before proceeding so how do you see in those if a single tooth is replaced by an implant so if you take a digital replica, then whether it is necessary to have the whole jaw scanned or whether it will be enough even from the side where you go to the corner tooth premolarisation on the other side. Well, it's enough to drink the other side's kulmuri there, that's not like and, of course, in the marginal case, that mere block might be enough there but I'd recommend that we go over its fang a little bit so then we'll see the bite control there yes. At least if the bite in front is open, it won't solve anything. Let's go to temporary. Here are two things I thought about the temporary is