So that ergonomics can be maintained. And then, as for those magnifications, it's a bit like that, for fun we always talk about the marketing magnification and then about the real magnification, let's say that such a real magnificence two and a half in Galileo as you have it is very suitable for the use of a dentist. That then such a double is enough, or is usually better for a dental hygienist due to the fact that they often need a slightly wider field of vision and the magnification works so that the more magnified, the smaller then both the field of view and the depth of field. That is, it is not worth taking too much of a magnification, so that it would then hamper other features. And then in these Kepler binoculars, so in them now the real magnifications are spoken between maybe three and five different models of it, so there are kind of what to do. If it now reads seven or eight times, it may leave a little of its own value to it to read. There was actually a question on Instagram like this, that there should be a lot of magnification in the loop? Now we went through, you said that for a dental hygienist it could be two at the dentist two sides and for a Kepler model it's three-five. But is it clear that there are some dentists who use, for example, the biggest magnification? My wife is an endo specialist. It's probably useful for a larger magnification. I used to try them, so you can see with absurd precision, but that's just the fact that it's a pretty small field there. What's your feeling about who's going to get what out of these? Well, actually just like you said, i.e. in endo we often have quite a lot of actually such users, if they often do endo, but not all the time, then they have just this model to do it more magnifying, because it is then, accordingly, maybe not as practical when doing just basic practice. It goes pretty much like the more specific details you need to see, the bigger the magnification. It's no more amazing mathematics, but then really these other qualities have to be taken into account. That's it. And then, of course, there are such individual things that if there are, for example, terribly strong minus lenses, then they make the target much smaller, then it is often worth choosing a magnification perhaps larger than a paragraph. And the second is that which speaks for magnification, is that if one is terribly large and has a long working distance or even makes one stand, then one usually talks about such working distances between five and sixty centimetres, then perhaps one should choose the one that magnifies it more. But even within these binoculars of Galileo and Kepler, we have many different options and that is always a very individual choice. But here's the thing: when you put in the loops, that's where the expert has to come in.