I have something tougher that you can catch the twenty percent discount and that's seven and a half hours per clinical work week. There goes Saturday work. Yeah, you kind of have to do thirty-seven and a half hours a week to catch that twenty-surface discount. This means that there are eleven more working weeks in a calendar year. And now we think, in a way, of the meaning of this calculation, that if a fellow at that other reception who does not give discounts were content with a slightly lower level of earnings, then he could basically spend in order to get the same earnings as you, then in principle he could spend eleven weeks of vacation. And the third aspect is that if we look at this setting again, now that I'm back and this story started, it's worth thinking about things more broadly than just comparing these rental percentages. And the third aspect is that we can also approach it thinking that if our guy is working at this reception that doesn't give discounts, and we are working at that reception that gives rebates, and the guy is paying fifty-five percent rent for his turnover, then now we can ask again that when our, that own know-how is compromised, it is sold at twenty percent discount, then what rent percentage does it compensate for? These are comparable in a way from the point of view of the end result. It is calculable, that is, if under those circumstances your knowledge is sold at a twenty percent discount, then that tax rate, sorry rent percentage there is forty-three comma seventy-five and then it is proportional. Sit them on the same line as this second reception, which gives no discounts and pays fifty-five percent. Then you should not negotiate a lower rent percentage. And the same is true, don't we think that you have a 100% or 80% utilization rate? Yes, the same applies. That is, if there is no patient flow no matter what percentage or no matter the price, the outcome is the same. Yes, and that is why here, of course, this is a contract negotiation and such a manageable thing and then this sale is the other one. It is then, in a way, another perspective that we can influence ourselves, for example, by effectively attaching the patients I encounter to the recall strain, so that we get to anticipate it as if