He's going to, I've asked him to give us that lecture. That is, it is very good that how he has documented keis, how he draws the whole bunch there to nature things. It is good to listen to such things from others. Yeah, and that's exactly what I said about the quality of root canal care. In Finland, this doctoral thesis by Erika Laukkanen on the subject is now often referred to and I think it had stated that fifty-six per cent of the root canal treatment done in Terkkari is successful at some level, that it indicates that there is room for improvement and surely there are many factors, there may be time, a shortage of resources, everything, but there is certainly room for improvements, and that is of course what we are aiming for here as well. This year's theme is Myths and Mysteries of Endodontics Dealing with Dilemmas in Clinical Practice and now I'm looking at what's going on there and lecturing is also you and then Mattila's Riikka, who has visited us a lot to lecture the endodontist and here are three international lecturers. These are the things I pick up here, so one of the themes we talk about is rotation vs. resiprocation and would you be able to give a little bit about this, what is promised on the subject? That's been a bit of a resiprocation in root canal therapy is nothing new. It has been almost since the seventies, but it has come back again, was it the first time since 2010-2009. One of these from the developer of the resiprocation needle, it was six people and one of the people has been Professor Vilhelm Perttu i.e. he is coming and of course he wants to talk about that and defend the system he has developed and why it is more useful and that's probably what they are talking about and I myself use the reciprocation movement when I need to about it but for sure his point of view is all right to listen. All right. Then there was regenerative endodontics. This is what you have already talked about a little bit here and now so that I know for sure and others will understand so is this really about this revitalization? Yeah. This is an interesting topic. I remember here being talked about in some context here again was Tjäderhane then and has there been any new things about it, is it new research data or? Yeah, it's a kid's multi-name thing that's been happening all along in the world and quite a lot in America, the American Association of Endodontics has put a huge amount of money into research on that how it'll revitalize or