Well maybe the most common is hour two and two and a half something like this is that it depends on yeah it can be quite surprising sometimes when you haven't got a chance to study it at all so it can take even three hours then it can last in another direction so it may be much shorter then that there isn't so much to deal with. But you don't have to know that in advance. The dentist said it would take an hour and a half for it to go to three hours and then it can be continued. Well, there's a certain amount of time that a dentist will usually set aside a bit of double-length time for it in a way that's almost as common as the fact that you can do it then and then leave extra time for the next patient that you don't have the schedules that way when you try to do them pretty early in the morning, however, you basically can't think that you would do them in the evening, then you could stretch them quite a bit. That's right. And after that kind of anesthesia, then for a while there we are on the awakening side then we go home and is it then the parents will look at the child for that day? Of course, those little kids are quite understood, but if you're a little older than that, even if it's a little bit older, you've got to have someone following you through that day. Yes, and even adults must have someone at home yes then for that day and not be allowed to drive a car to not be able to go home with the car. But with a small child, the parents are asked pretty soon when the anesthesia is over with the child and usually the small child continues to sleep in it and then it is good to wake up when there is a mother or father next to it waiting and comforting. Children are rarely sick, those procedures are like they are not and then the dentist has usually anesthetized those sore spots then. So let's go through a little bit of these self-medications what in each of these situations and if we now go again first to the so-called light sedation or premedication then how does the drug choice between diazepam and midazolam, for example, on what should it be based that which one is chosen? Is it to measure length and to some extent they have different half-lives and? Well, yeah, that's it and brought in the midazolam or Dormicum before so of course it will go away faster and it will also affect faster that it's good for it and then it will have a stronger effect on memory that then you won't remember the bad thing and the child in particular. Better than diazepam? It has a better memory-removing effect yes yeah. And then, rather, one might prefer that even if two different visits were needed with midazolam than with diazepam. Well, almost drink and that diazepam is slower.