The sand is better than the sludge, because it has a tenth of the amount of the ten percent reduction and it is seven and half times as much per working week, so it is a waste of time. So the sun should be used to make three-quarters of the same and half the same work in a week to get its ten-percent reduction.
It means that in the autumn of a year there will be one week of overtime, and we are now thinking about the importance of this declaration, that if he were to take it to another reception, which does not give him any allowances, he would need a little less sympathy, so that he could, in principle, travel to get the same amount as him, so he can travel to one destination, and the third point is that - if we accept this regulation - when we come back and this history comes to us - we will be able to support things more broadly than just by comparing these annual percentages.
And the third aspect is that we can also look at it from the perspective that if we are working with a bank in this receivable that does not give discounts, and we ourselves are working in this receipt that does give discounts and the bank pays a five-twentieths' share of the business loan, then we can ask ourselves whether, when we, as a group, are paying a discount, it is given by a tenth of a cent discount, and how much percent of the year's profit is it compensated for? These are the comparison tools in the final result, which is to say, if in our circumstances we are paying the ten-thirty-five percent discount, then the tax percentage, the ante-year percentage of the profit, is four-twelve-thand-five per cent and it is a redistribution.
They are also in the same week with this second response, which does not include cuts and which pays a five-percentage-point percentage, then it goes to the next one and then we have to negotiate a one-per-centage percentage, and the same applies if we think that the water use requirement is ten per cent or eight per cent?
Yes, yes, yes. If there is no petrol tax, whether it is a percentage of any one or whether the price is any one, the end result is the same. Yes, and that is why, in this case, of course, this is presently a matter of negotiation and therefore of government, and then this is the second one.
That is then a second aspect, which we can, for example, focus on effectively by focusing on the issue of recalls of drugs, so that we can anticipate it as well as we can.