Before the money, there is a difference, and the tax should be taken into account.
But ... I still say, what are the slams? What are they? What do the fucking slammers mean?
For example, if we have a collection of books, we have the property of the book.
If we have a list of drugs and there are so many of them, if we have the list of substances, we have to have traces of the substance, a substance that has a long-term effect, and it is not a matter of a short-term impact.
For example, if it is needed, it is used, whether it is for printing papers or not.
But if we are to establish a farm and a system of endings and endowments, then we will see that it will have to have a long-term effect, for the next twenty years it will be consumed, and then it will end.
Yes, yes, that is what it means, and now we are talking about the use of statistics.
On some basis, the buyer will now come to value it, and now this is a question of opinion that if I now go on to say that I am a user of the computer, that I have access to what is generally available, then we will not get the answers we need.
The question is at the end of the day about the small things and margins that have emerged in the negotiations and in this way, and we can clarify this disclosure by saying that the buyer's perspective is that he is willing to pay, even though the disclosure is made in three, three-quarters of the time, and then the buyer thinks that if everyone stays the same, he will pay this company three years, if all stays the Same, three years less than the amount of the purchase, and the buyer is thinking that I will be able to afford it for three years if I buy it, or that I can afford it in three years more than I can own it at the moment.
And it is now said in this way that this is the case with this interesting report, which says that it is currently storing money, as I mentioned earlier, and that it has been used, and it says that three of me are paying for it now with the euro and so on.
Isn't it three times that you have said 'multi-satellite'? Yes, three times 'Multi-satellattu', i.e. 'Tri-saltaata', and you'll see what I mean.
But it is now clear that it is not.