When you're already an experienced long-term practitioner, there's a small uncertainty factor in the back of your mind, wondering if this is definitely going to work or not. But the development is moving forward at such a pace that I can see that in five years, we'll probably only be doing marginal and more difficult cases with traditional impression taking. Yes, I've also noticed that my own difficult cases aren't necessarily the same as those of specialists, but they're perhaps the ones I still want to do traditionally. However, digital impression taking, especially now with software updates and everything being incredibly accurate, is more comfortable for the patient, faster, and even safer in a way. If it doesn't work out, you can just take new scans whereas with Impregum one must wait when a new one is taken. It's good in that sense because you can kind of add to it if something's missing or something else so you don’t have to redo everything and you can just add some parts and we can attach them there and so forth. Maybe from the lab's perspective, I said that intraoral or digital world requires a bit of practice because quite often there are all these things for actually making the product such as all libraries and such. They are good but they tend to go overboard morphologically. There are quite big cusp inclinations and everything else and quite easily the structures might become too big and bulky. We do, for example, still, until I learn enough… We still do some planning digitally, but for bigger rehabilitation cases or others where digital impressions are taken, we print models and do traditional wax-up because we can see them better in 3D than on a 2D screen. But from the dentist's side, when you get printed models now... Yes, as I said, it's not necessarily like that; abroad there are already clinics that don't use traditional methods anymore and are fully digital. They're not just chairside clinics but use them specifically as impression takers which most labs send. One more question before moving on: How do you see it when replacing a single tooth with an implant and taking a digital impression - is it necessary to scan the whole jaw or is it enough to scan just half of it? Well yes, scanning up to the opposite canine is enough and in marginal cases only the block there would be enough, but I would suggest going a little bit past the canine so we can see the guidance there. At least if there is an anterior open bite, that doesn’t solve anything. Let's move on to temporization. There are two things I wanted to talk about regarding temporization.