Before the financing is done. And taxes should also be taken from it. Yeah, and then taxes too. But with that... Tell me quickly, what are depreciations? What do they relate to? What do you mean by depreciations? Depreciations relate, for example, if we have bought equipment. Fixed assets. Fixed assets, equipment. If we have bought equipment and they are like these machines, or a major repair or business operation if we buy them. We have bought this type of asset that has a revenue-generating effect in the long term. It's not like a one-time... The tax authority doesn't accept it as a one-time deduction. For example, raw materials, when they are purchased, they are used during that financial year. Or printer paper. Yes or no. But if we equip a dental treatment room and put machines and equipment there, we see that it has a revenue-generating effect in the long term. The costs are divided over five to seven years. And that's what it comes down to in the end. Yes, yes. That's what is meant by this. And now we're talking about EBITDA multiples. For some reason, the buyer starts evaluating it now based on something else too now being asked about whether I google EBITDA multiple and what is the most common one used when buying something but you don't get an answer like that because it's industry-specific and object-specific and so on. The question is ultimately about those small things and margins that have come up in negotiations and so on. Could we clarify this ratio in such a way that from the buyer's point of view, he is willing to pay, let's say the ratio is three, so multiply the EBITDA figure by three and then the buyer thinks that he pays for this company for three years if everything stays the same then three years' worth of profit for the seller. And the seller thinks that I give up this good thing or get something in return so I get all of my future three years' worth of profit at once right now. And let's say now in this way that then comes this interesting math from this EBITDA multiple that says let's say it's now 100 thousand euros which was mentioned earlier. EBITDA is 100 thousand euros let's say with a multiple of three I pay you 100 thousand euros right now. Didn't you just say 300 thousand? Yeah three times 100 thousand euros which is 300 thousand euros. You're keeping me on my toes apparently. But the point is now okay