It is also increasing in the field of just root canal treatment and also where a 3D view is needed and it is positive to hear that it can reach the PTG image dose. A small field size is used or possibly these low-dose programs, which are fortunately available today. Now, listening to this, about daily background radiation, it's quite easy to find reasons for an image if you suspect something, so maybe you shouldn't be too afraid of it compared to, for example, a full-body CT scan. Yes, yes, it's said that if you get a clear benefit from the image, then the justification is fulfilled in the case of dental imaging, and the additional risk of a single image for a single person is very minimal. Then we could go through these radiation protection training requirements for clinicians and oral health professionals, in this case not going to the medical side. And let's start with general dentists, what is the requirement at the moment? For general dentists, continuing education courses should be twenty hours every five years, in principle when looking back five years, twenty hours should be completed. It doesn't matter how it's distributed over those five years, it can be one big package or several smaller ones. Yes, it can be one big package or more scattered. And then dental hygienists and dental nurses who often take images under the guidance or instruction of a dentist. Of course, they start with basic training and also device training so that the so-called button technique for that device is in order and in addition to this they also have the same twenty hours. And then if we think about doctors in radiology then for dento-maxillofacial radiologist the requirement is forty hours so there's a bit more there. What if there's a separate CBCT device at the clinic? Does that bring any additional requirements for radiation protection training? Legislatively speaking no longer. Previously there was a requirement for certain courses for both device users and doctors responsible for procedures but nowadays there isn't any specific course required by law but this normal continuing education training or radiation protection training should include things related to CBCT  training as well and that's up to the practitioner to ensure their staff has sufficient skills both in using devices and clinical imaging needs interpretation etcetera. I jump back a bit we were talking about radiation doses at first and I've been thinking about it