get the teeth loose and of course then this color, that if the shade feels like it's too light, when it's been started to be whitened in this case, then even the shade is changed completely and other things as well if something doesn't work then adjustments are made to the tooth arrangement or requests for them and that's it. Then we start manufacturing. At that stage when I'm doing try-in, indeed the bite is a bit difficult to see, but is there any benefit from it for you? I've somehow had a habit of taking an articulating paper and leaving marks on it for the patient. And those marks can stay there for you. Yeah, yeah, I think it's perfectly fine. I myself see that the bite is balanced, that if for example there's less, then I can notice myself that it's true or I notice that there's a bit less here. I can adjust it a bit and get an even better bite. And in principle if for some reason now it happens that one side is in contact and the other side isn’t, can an index be taken from that situation? Yeah, just take an index right there and bite on it. From those I can correct it later. Okay, with these I'll go ahead and try them on on Monday and we'll meet here next week to come again and then we'll make the final prosthesis and continue from there. We'll continue then, thank you. Thanks. Here’s the finished tooth arrangement in the articulator. We will do a try-in. And with this gauge plate against the mucous membranes still. Let's look at that freeway space first now. Same things as in the jaw relation record stage. Teeth together and relaxed a bit, so suitable. Then let's look at lip support again next. Then let's look at the upper lip line approximately and smile line. And in this case I compared always to that old prosthesis which isn’t visible at all from under the lip or in the smile line doesn't show many teeth at all. The midline is checked so that it matches with skeletal midline and then let's look at anterior area level according to pupillary plane and sides still according to Camper plane. Then a little V-letter was looked at how it starts and S-letter and other letters were gone through as well . Then visually how those teeth occlude over there on sides in front, looks pretty good at first glance that contacts are probably quite good overall . A little tapping was done from different sides together so we get some marks there to see . A little premature contact over there in front and on the other side . Then excursions were looked at still a bit carefully so teeth wouldn't come loose from wax . It seems like some chewing marks are visible over there on both sides . Balance side contacts are emphasized a bit over there in premolar area right now . In front one contact is slightly stronger than others  .  Those marks are visible now