Well maybe the most common is one to two and a half hours, something like that, it depends, yeah, it can be quite surprising sometimes when you haven't been able to examine it at all, so it's examined right then and it can take three hours, but surprises come in the other direction too, that it can be much shorter and there isn't as much to do. But you don't need to know that beforehand. The dentist said that this will take an hour and a half, and if it takes three hours, we can just continue from there. Well, of course, there's a certain time for that reason the dentist usually books a bit of extra time for it in a way that it's more common to finish early and have some extra time left for the next patient. So you don't really have schedules like that because they try to do them early in the morning anyway. In principle, you could think that they should be done in the evening as the last ones and then they could be extended quite a bit. Absolutely. And after such anesthesia, then you're on the recovery room for a while and then you go home. And do parents watch over their child closely that day? Of course, with small children it's understandable, but if the child is a bit older, someone needs to keep an eye on them for the rest of the day. Yes, and adults also need someone to be at home with them for the rest of the day and they can't drive a car, they can't go home by car. But with small children, parents are usually asked to stay with their child soon after anesthesia is over and usually small children just continue sleeping and then it's good to wake up when mom or dad is waiting there comforting them. Children are rarely in pain anyway because those procedures are such that they don't hurt and then the dentist has usually anesthetized the painful areas anyway. Then we'll go through these medications used in these situations briefly... If we're going into so-called light sedation or pre-medication first... how should medication selection between diazepam and midazolam be made? Should it be based on procedure duration or something else? Yeah well it does depend on that and midazolam has different elimination half-life... Yeah well midazolam works faster and leaves your system faster too so that's good about it... And then its amnestic effect is stronger so you won't remember unpleasant things... especially with children... Ah better than diazepam? Yeah well diazepam has a worse amnestic effect... And maybe you could prefer using midazolam even if two separate visits were needed instead of diazepam... Yeah almost yes... Diazepam is slower anyway...