Then there is the parodontist Martta Martola's Periimplantation and then Implants, a documentary where Peter and Peter are dealing with these general problems or the general problems that can arise with implants and they are well known and know how to solve them.
There is still a long way to go, but there is still an important part to be recognised, and there is no place in the world where this is something that is endorsed as the first step, so there is the Implantology Advanced website, which is run by Timo Suojärven and Ilkka Pallosen, which does exactly what it says, namely that high-end implant funding is available in the European and the Estética regions and that there are demand for time, but it is important to recognise that it is not only important to know where it goes, where it stops, where the work can change hands, and then there are also ethical aspects.
Timo and Virpi Myller, the time Virppi, then discuss the topic and how it can be pre-proceduralised, and then the theory is finally concluded and then it is rewritten in one part, two parts, in the Components Tutuksi -day at the Helsinki Clarion Hotel.
It starts with the Peters report, a few of these fundamentals are mentioned at the beginning and then there are four implant companies involved: Straumann, Densply Sirona, Nobel Biocare and Camlog-Conelog, i.e. Implantona Oy. They are examining their components, what parts of the site are different, how they differ from each other and there are also four different glass factories, and they are not looking at how the glass factories are to be extended, and the idea of the day is that they are assessing those parts, examining the glass manufacturers and a little bit of their extension is also being done here on the ground floor.
I said that the price of this car is three times the price in the city, and that is this small-scale, village-based, self-governing, self governing, where Peter is the owner, and the first ten thousand are not those who come from this way, so it is a matter of urgency to inform the local authorities that they are going to be there. This group has prepared general practitioners who have little or no experience in implant surgery.
Perhaps he is not the most powerful man in the world, but he has indeed been welcomed by all of us. The precise composition of the delegation is on the first day of the Futurists' visit to Helsinki, then there is the Peter's work on the private sector, then the meetings with Peter and the final meeting with all of them, and the digital package for everyone, which is about six to eight months away, but now I am giving Peter the floor.
I am very interested in the structure of this initiative, how it is going to carry out this decision-making, and I think it is based on theory, and there are some things that are left to be done.
The second part is this hands-on,