He wants to keep, I asked him to keep this message to us, and it is very good that he has documented his steps, how he is telling the whole story of his life in the nature, and that is what he wants to hear from others.
I think and you have just as much as has been said about the quality of endodontics. In Finland we often refer to this Erika Laukkasen's book on this subject, and I remember that it was said that a fifth of all endodontists in the world are successful, that there are many, many, factors, that can be time, resources, whatever, but that the quality is certainly, certainly and it is here, too. All right, I think, and this is also the topic of Myths and Mysteries of Endodontic Surgery Dealing with Dilemmas in Clinical Practice, and now I think of the island of Sicily, that everything that is there in writing and in teaching is also there, and then Mattila Riecka, who has been with us a lot in teaching endodontia and three international teachers here.
These are the things I am going to leave here, so one thing I am talking about is rotation versus reciprocity, and can you give me a brief overview of what is going on in this area? This has been a very small reciprocity in the immediate vicinity, it has been roughly seventy-five years old from the beginning, but it has become a new frontier, as it was when it was first introduced in 2010-2009.
One of these residuary researchers, it was six people and one of them was Professor Vilhelm Perttu, i.e. he is coming and of course he wants to talk about the contribution and defend his system and why it is more useful and more of them will talk about and myself use the re-sidual iliac if there is one, but of course his perspective is good. Okay. Then there was regenerative endodontia.
I have already spoken on this, and I am sure that I am right and that some people will understand that this is exactly what is being discussed here.
I remember once in a conversation where I was talking about this place, which was already there when I was there, and if there are any new things to come, or is it new research? Well, there are many students there, because there has been a lot of happening in the world here for a long time and a very long time, i.e. the American Association of Endodontics has spent a huge sum of money on research to help revive or revitalize this place.