I've got something a little bit harder for you to catch that 20 percent discount and it's seven and a half hours per clinical week. That's for Saturday work. Yeah, you kind of have to do thirty-seven and a half hours a week to catch that 20-surface discount. So that means that there are 11 more working weeks in the calendar year. And now we think, in a way, like the importance of this calculation, that if a guy at the second reception who does not give discounts were to settle for a slightly lower level of earnings, he could basically spend the same amount of money as you, then he could in principle spend eleven weeks of vacation. And the third point of view is that if we look at this setting again, now that I'm back and this story came out of thinking things out more than just comparing these rent percentages. And the third aspect is that we can also approach the idea that if our friend works at this reception that does not give discounts, and we ourselves work at this front desk that gives discounts and the guy pays fifty-five per cent rent for his turnover, then now we can ask again that when our own, my skills are reduced, it is sold at a 20 per cent discount, then what rent percentage will it be compensated for? These are comparable in a way from the point of view of the outcome. It can be calculated, that is, if under those circumstances your skills are sold at a 20 - percent discount, then that tax rate, forgive the rent percentage there is forty - three comma seventy - five and then it is proportional. Then they are on the same line as this second reception which does not give discounts and which pays fifty-five per cent. So this is what you're going to do then you'll have to negotiate a lower rent percentage. And the same is true, is it not, if we think that you have an occupancy rate of 100% or 80%? Yes, that's true. So if you don't have a patient stream, no matter what the percentage or the price, the end result is the same. Yes, and that is why it is now, of course, in the negotiation of agreements and so manageable and then this sale is the other one. It is then, in a way, another aspect that we can influence ourselves by, for example, putting the patients I face effectively into the recall strain, so we can anticipate it as we do.