Before the funding splits up. And even taxes should be taken out of it. Yeah, and then taxes, too. But... tell me again, what's with the deletions? What are they targeting? What do you mean, "depreciation"? Depreciation is targeted, for example, if we have purchased equipment. Real estate. Fixed property, equipment. If we have purchased equipment and they so these are such machines equipment for renovation or business if we buy. We have purchased an asset like this that has an income-generating effect in the long term. It's not like it's a once-in-a-lifetime thing... the IRS won't accept it as a one-time deduction. For example, when it is purchased it will be used for its financial year. Or print papers. Yeah or no. But if we equip the treatment room and the machinery and equipment there, we will see that it has a long - term income effect. For five to seven years those expenses are amortized. And it's going to have to go to that, after all. Yes, yes, yes. That's what this means. And now we're talking about operating margins. Well, somehow, the buyer's going now to value it. And now this is an interesting question: if I Google that EBITDA, that which is the most common thing to buy, then we won't get against it. Sector specific and target specific and in this way. After all, it is about the small issues and margins that have emerged from the negotiations there and in this way. Could we clarify this coefficient in such a way that, from the buyer’s point of view, he is willing to pay, even if it is taken as three, then it is multiplied by three, and then the buyer thinks that he will pay for this company for three years, if everything stays the same, both three years as well as a margin for the seller. And the seller thinks that I'm giving this up for or against the fact that I get a win for the next three years, as it were for myself in this moment. And now let's say in this way that then this becomes this interesting mathematics of this EBITDA, that it is said that it now is the hundred dollars you mentioned earlier. A hundred thousand is an operating margin. They say with the odds of three, I'll pay you that $100,000 now and so on. Didn't you say three hundred thousand? Yeah, three times a hundred thousand or three hundred thousand. He's paying attention with you, I see. Keep your eyes peeled. But the point now is, okay.