that the industry is also growing greatly from root care and also where a 3D view is needed there and it is quite positive to hear that if it can even reach that dose level of the PPG image. A small field size when using or possibly using these low-dose programs, which is fortunately available today. Now they are listening to the fact that 24 hours of background radiation, so it is quite easy to find the basis for the picture, if you suspect that there is something, then you may not want to worry too much about it then that compared to some whole body CT scan. Yes, yes, it is said that if there is a clear benefit from that image, then the justification will be fulfilled in the case of dental imaging, that the additional risk of an individual image to a person is very minimal. Then we could go over these radiation protection training requirements for clinicians and oral health professionals, in this case we will not go to the doctor. And now let's start with a general dentist and what is that requirement at the moment? A general dentist should have a continuing school of twenty hours every five years, i.e., in principle when looking back five years in time, then twenty hours should be filled. Exactly and it doesn't matter how it divides over five years that it can be one big package or anyway. Yeah, it could be one big package or more sprinkled. And then oral hygienists, dental nurses, who often take pictures of the dentist’s instructions or orders. Of course, they assume that basic training is in order and that equipment training is also in place, that the so-called keyboard technology for the device in question is in place and that it is also the same for them for twenty hours. And then, if you think of the medical profession as such for dental radiologists, the requirement is forty hours that there is a little more. How about if the reception has a KTT device separately? Is it going to be any extra demands for this ST training? In itself, the legal system is no longer in place. In the past, it was necessary to have certain courses both for the users of the device and for the doctor responsible for the procedures, i.e. who is responsible for those KTT descriptions, their justification and so on. But now there is no longer a specific course in legislation which is required, but this is a normal training course, radiation safety training, and in practice it must also include matters related to the training of the CDC and it is the responsibility of the operator to consider that his staff has sufficient knowledge of both the use of the device and of this clinical need and the interpretation of the image and other subject matter. A little bounce back, we talked about those radiation doses at the beginning, and I've been thinking about it.