get your teeth out and of course then of course this color, that if the color feels that it is too light when it is now gone to lighten in this case so then even then you change the color completely and other then if one thing doesn’t work then you make layout corrections or ask for them and that’s all. Then let's get ready. At this point, when I put them in my mouth, it's really a little hard to look at, but is it really going to do you any good? I've had a habit of taking a bite paper and leaving a patient's prints on it. And you'll have to keep those tracks there. Yeah, yeah, I think it's okay. I see that it is a balanced bite, that if, for example, there is less, then I can see for myself that it's true or I can tell that there is a little less. I can count it down a little bit and get it bit even better. And, basically, if, for some reason, one side is caught and the other side is not taken, can an index be taken out of the situation? Yeah, that's just the index between you and me and bite it. That's where I can fix it. Good, then I'm going to settle on Monday, and we'll see you here next week, and then we're going to do the prosthetic and we are going to continue. Then let's move on. Thank you. Thanks. Well, here's the final layout of the articulator. Let's put it in there. Here, on that plate of the diagram against the mucous membranes. Let's take a look at that free space first. It's the same thing as in that diagram phase. Tooths together and a little relaxed, so convenient. Then we'll see the lip brace again. Then let's take a look at the upper lip line about and the smile line. And in this case, I will always compare with that old prosthetic, which does not show at all from under the lip and does not see much teeth on the smile line. The center line is considered to match the skeevy centreline and then you look at that front area level by the pub and you're still passing by the Camper level. Then a little V, let's see how it goes and S and the other letters with were done. Then let's see visually how those teeth hit together on those sites in front of us and it's all right to look suddenly like there's probably pretty good contact all over. A little tap from different sides together so we can get some tracks in there and see.A little highlight in the front and on the other side. Then let’s take a little gentle action to keep the teeth off the wax. You can see that there's some grind marks on both sides. Balance-side contacts and a little underscored in that premolar area at the moment. In front of one a little stronger and on the side and now those tracks.