Timo Suojärvi’s lecture on patient injuries in prosthetics. It covers a wide range of prosthetics in general, a little bit of difficulty level assessment and other things. Then there's a lecture by periodontologist Martta Martola on peri-implantitis, and then implant cases, a kind of vodcast where Peter and I go through these common problems or the most common problems that can occur with implants and it's good to recognize them and know how to solve them. Finally, there's a section where it's essential to recognize and these are not things you should start doing first, namely the Implantology Advanced webinar series by Timo Suojärvi and Ilkka Pallonen. They do high-end implant treatment for the anterior area and aesthetic area, and really demanding tricks, but it's essential to recognize when you're doing it yourself when you cross the line when the work can suddenly become very difficult. And then there are also orthodontic perspectives. Timo and Virpi Müller, an orthodontist Virpi, discuss that topic and how it can be utilized pre-prosthetically. At the end of the theory, there's a final exam, and by completing it, you've done part one of the driver's license. Part two of the driver's license is the Komponentit Tutuksi day in Helsinki at Clarion Hotel. It starts with Peter's review lecture, going over some basic things to get everyone on the same page, and then there are four implant brands participating: Straumann, Densply Sirona, Nobel Biocare, and Camlog-Conelog or Implantona Oy. We get familiar with their components, what kind of components they have, how they differ from each other, and there are also four different scanners available so we can see how scanning is done. The idea of the day is to get familiar with these components and scanners and get some practice using them on site. Then I'd say that this driver's license core is part three, which is this small group training or master-apprentice training where Peter takes charge. A maximum of ten people can participate so those who want to join should sign up quickly to secure a spot. The target group here is graduated general dentists with little or no experience in implant treatments. So maybe not for the toughest veterans but they're also welcome to join. In short, the composition includes an opening day at Futudent's premises in Helsinki then following Peter's work at his private clinic then online sessions with Peter and finally gathering together to hand out certificates and digital packages for everyone. The duration is about six to nine months but now I'll let Peter take over. Tell us a little bit about the structure starting from the start day. Ah yes! This structure consists of theoretical parts where we go through some things like clarifying advanced demanding implant prosthetics' interface with basic implant prosthetics so we can better identify patient selection and patients we treat. And then there's this hands-on part.