In order to maintain ergonomics. And then, what about those magnifications, it's a bit like we always talk about marketing magnification and then real magnification, so to speak, that a real magnification of two and a half, like the one you have in Galilei, is very suitable for dentists. So then a double magnification is enough, or is usually better for dental hygienists because they often need a slightly wider field of view and magnification works in such a way that the more you magnify, the smaller the field of view and depth of field become. So you shouldn't take too much magnification so that it wouldn't interfere with other features. And then in these Kepler binoculars, the real magnifications are perhaps between three and five, different models are made like that. If it says seven times or eight times, it can be left to its own value. There was actually a question on Instagram about how much magnification should be in loupes? Now we went through it, you said that for dental hygienists it could be two, for dentists two and a half, and in Kepler models it's three to five. But are there any dentists who use the largest magnification? My wife is an endodontist. There is probably an advantage to having larger magnification there. I tried them sometimes and you can see incredibly accurately with them, but then the field of view is quite small. What's your feeling about who gets what from these? Well actually just like you said, in endodontics we often have users who do endodontics frequently but not all the time, so they have this model with more magnification because it's not as practical when doing basic practice. It goes pretty much according to how detailed the details need to be seen, so the larger the magnification. It's not rocket science but then these other features need to be considered. And then there are individual things like if someone has very strong minus lenses, they make the object much smaller so often there's reason to choose a larger magnification. And another thing that speaks for magnification is if someone is very large and has a long working distance or works standing up, usually we talk about working distances between fifty and sixty centimeters so then maybe there's reason to choose a more magnifying one. But within these Galilei and Kepler binoculars we have many different options and the final choice is always very individual. But here we come to the fact that when taking loupes into use one needs an expert  come look at them 