Because if you don't have it, at that moment when the world really feels like it's falling apart and there are no customers in that business, there's a lot of stress and then when you should go the extra mile, and if at that time we can call it flexibility, but however it is, then you can't find it and then at that moment you have to go do something else that isn't possible for the business at that moment, even going shopping to Prisma, which is also important, but then we have a problem with that business. That's just how it is. From experience, I know that this is a really important thing that you mentioned now. Really important. Greetings to all entrepreneurs' spouses, because we never remember to thank you enough. Maybe we should establish a national entrepreneur's spouse day, since we have all sorts of entrepreneur victims. Something like that. A victim of circumstance. Yes. Now we had some money burned theoretically at least and of course this should be funded somehow unless you have inherited a forest or married well so your spouse can sponsor you. You have to go humbly to the bank. What can we say about this? Where could funding come from or what method could someone use to fund this? This is an area that I know really bad, I mean in a way there are different things but surely there are various start-up funds and investment aid available now. You can get funding from Finnvera at least if I'm not mistaken about starting up, but actually probably at some point they've gotten it anyway. So Finnvera has a state loan instrument unit where entrepreneurs and businesses can get loans with reasonable collateral. That's one place. But what's important here is that you need to have what's called a business plan written down in many places. You mentioned the shareholder agreement and the truth has shown us that in the end disputes arise with or without one. The business plan has at least one amusing feature because what's written on paper about where we're headed and what our goals are and how this business will run doesn't usually happen in reality anyway. But at least people have been forced to think about it once and it has to be a believable story for yourself at the moment when you put in five hundred thousand euros and then tell them how many customers will come per day.