Suojärvi's Timo lecture on patient damage in Protestants. It comes in very broad terms with a low degree of severity assessment and other things. Then there's a lecture by parodontologist Martola on perimplandite and then Implantticas, such a vodcast where Peter and I are going through these common problems, or the most common problems that implants can come with and it's good to know how to solve them. Last but not least, there is a section where it is important to identify, these are definitely not the first things to go on, so there is an Advanced Webinary series of Implantology, Timo Suojärvi and Ilkka Kullinen. It then does such things as say high-end implant treatment for the front area and aesthetic area and really demanding tricks, but they are important to recognize when you do that when you go where the limit is that when work can suddenly become really difficult. And then there are also orthodontic aspects. Timo and Virpi Myller, shortcuts Virpi, then discuss the subject and how it can be pre-protectively exploited. At the end of the theory is the final exam and then by completing it, the part one of the licence has been completed. Part two of the driving licence, Components Tuttu Day in Helsinki at Clario Hotel. It starts with Peter’s refresher lecture, some of these basics are reviewed at the beginning and then there are four implantibrrands involved. Straumann, Densply Sirona, Nobel Biocare and Camlog-Conelog i.e. Implantona Oy. Take a look at their components, what little parts there are, how they differ and there are also four different scanners then, so let's see how the scanners are copied and really the idea of the day is to get to know these parts, get to see the scanner, and get to practice with them on site too. Then I'd say the steak on this license is part three and it's this little group coaching, master-race training, where Peter takes the catch. Up to ten can fit in, that is, the ones that go in here, so you might want to check in quickly to get a seat there. The target group is general dentists who have little or no experience with implant therapy. So maybe not to the toughest of the troubles, but they too are welcome to do this. Condensed composition is the starting day at the Futudent premises in Helsinki, then there is follow-up to Peter's work at the private reception, then remote sessions with Peter and at the end still gather and distribute all the certificates and a digital package for everyone. The duration is about six to nine months, but now I give Peter the floor. Tell me a little bit about that structure from the start of the day it goes through this training. Yeah, it's a theoretical part. Let's go over a few things. To specify the interface between advanced demanding implantation and basic implantation proteins to better identify this patient selection and the patients we are treating. And then the second part is this hands-on,