when there is already quite a long line, then such a small uncertainty factor may be in the back of the head, that wonders whether this is sure to work or not. But it's going so fast that I can see that in five years' time we'll probably be doing more marginally difficult cases with traditional copying. Yeah, I've noticed the same thing with myself that my own difficult cases may not be the same as those of special dentists, but they may be what I want to do traditionally, but yes, this digital copying especially now that software updates are coming and everything is quite amazing how accurate they are and it's more comfortable for the patient, it'll be faster and in its own way even more certain that if it goes into the blob, then you'll take a new scan when you have to wait with the Impregum for a while to get a new one. It's good in that sense, and then you can add that if you have something left behind or something like that, you don't have to unpack everything, you can just add some and we can catch them there and everything else. That perhaps from the lab point of view I then said that the intraoral or digital world requires in the sense of a little practice, that pretty easily there are all these things themselves in making the product and then all the libraries and others so they are very like this morphologically maybe going a little over. They're pretty big cuspiforms and everything else and easily become like structures may get a little too big and chubby. So we're still doing it now, for example, before I learn enough. We do some of the plans in digital terms, of course, quite a bit, but bigger bite rehabilitations or other, if they are digitally taken from those copies, we print out the models and traditionally do wax, because then we see them in three dimensions much better than we see on the two-dimensional screen. But from the direction of the dentist you can take, when you can now print out those models then, Yeah you don't have it like I said, not necessarily like, there are already receptions abroad, they don’t even use traditional stuff anymore, they’re just digital and they’ve got nothing like this chairside receptions but they use them specifically as a replica which send most of the laboratories. One more question about this before we go forward so how do you see those if you replace an individual tooth with an implant, if you take a digital copy, whether it is necessary to scan the whole jaw or whether it's enough from the side where you go to the premolar on the other side of the fang. Well, that's all it takes to get to the other side of the hill, not like and, of course, in the marginal case, that little block is enough there, but I'd recommend we go over that fang a little bit and then we'll see that biting direction in it. At least if the bite in front is open, it won't solve anything. Well, then, let's go to temporary. Here's two things I was thinking about talking about temporary.