to preserve its ergonomics. And then, as for those magnifications, it's a little bit like that, we always talk about marketing magnification and then about a real magnification, saying that such a real magnifying two and a half in that Galileo like you have, it is very suitable for the use of a dentist. That then such a double is enough, or is usually better for the hygienist because they often need a slightly wider field of vision and the magnification works so that the more magnified, the smaller the field of view and the depth area. So you don't want to take too much of the magnification that it would then interfere with other features. And then in these Kepler binoculars, and now in them the real magnifications are spoken of perhaps between three and five different models of it, so there are such things that are done. If it now reads seven or eight times, it may leave it a little to itself to read. Here was Instagram actually become this kind of question that a lot of magnification in the broom should be? Now we're going through it, you said the mouth hygienist could have two in the dentist's two-half and in Kepler's model it's three-five. But is it quite clear that there are some dentists who use, for example, the biggest magnification? My wife is an endo specialist. I'm sure it'll be useful for a bigger magnification. I tried them sometimes, so they can see it absurdly well, but there's just the fact that it's a pretty small field there. What's your feeling about who's getting what's going on? Well, actually, as you said, in the endo we often have quite a lot of such users, in fact, if they often make an endo, but not the whole time, then they then have to do just this model more to enlarge, because it is then not as practical as it may be when you do quite basic practice. It goes pretty much according to the more detailed details you need to see, the larger the magnification. It is no wonder of mathematics, but then really these other qualities must be taken into account. That's it. And then, of course, there are such individual things that if you have, for example, terribly strong minus lenses, they make the target quite smaller, then often you have to choose a larger magnification than the section. And the other is that which speaks for the magnification, that if you are terribly large and you have a long working distance or even do so standing, then you usually talk about such work distances between five and sixty centimetres, then perhaps you should choose to increase the section more. But even within these Galileo and Kepler binoculars, we have many different options, and that is always a very individual choice. But here comes the very fact that when you introduce the loops, you have to have an expert to come to them.