Because if you don't have it, in the moment when the world really seems to fall and there are no customers in that business, there's a lot of stress and then when you have to do it extra mile walk and if you can call it flexibility, but no matter how you do it, then you'll have to go and do something else in that moment that's not possible from the point of view of business, even if it's Prisma's shopping, which is also important, but then we'll be having a problem with that business. It's just like this. I know from experience that this is a very important issue that you have just mentioned here. It's very important. Say hello to all the spouses of the entrepreneurs that we will never thank you, but at least enough. That is how we should set up such a national business partner day when we have the victims of all the entrepreneurs in the world. Someone like that. The collateral damage. Yes. Now we had some money, at least theoretically back, and this should be done, of course, if you do not have an inheritance forest or get married well, that you get a sponsor for this. I've got to go to the bank with some humility. What are we gonna tell you about that? Where to take the funding or by what means to finance it. This is the side that I feel awful about in a way, that different, but there is certainly a variety of start-up funds and investment aid available for them now. You can get Finnvera at least if I don't know about that start, but, in fact, at least at some point you have. So Finnvera is a state loan, an instrument unit from which you can obtain a reasonably small guarantee loan from entrepreneurs and companies. It's one place. But the important thing is that you must have a so-called business plan written in many places. You said about this sub-contract that the truth has shown that, in the end, a dispute will be brought about with or without air. The business plan has at least as amusing a feature, because what you write on the paper, where you are going and where you're going and how you've got it going, they're less likely to do it in the real world. But at least they've had to think about it once and it has to be a credible story for itself in the moment that we'll put it here, even if it's five hundred thousand euros and then we're told that this is how and so many customers come in each day.