Well maybe the most common is an hour two and two and a half something like this is that depends on the fact that it can be quite surprising sometimes when you haven't been able to study at all that it's only examined there so it can take then three hours but surprises come in another direction that can be much shorter then there is not so much to deal with. But you don't need to know that in advance. The dentist said that this will take an hour and a half that if it takes three hours, it can just go on from there. Well, there is a certain amount of time that makes it possible for the dentist to book a little double time in such a way that it is almost more common that he can do it then and that he will have extra time for the next patient that he does not have the timetables in that way is not right when he tries to do it quite early in the morning child measures you cannot in principle think that he would do it in the evening last then he could stretch them quite a bit. Right. And after that kind of anesthesia and then there for a while you're on the wake-up call side then we go home and is it the parents that watch the baby for that day? Of course, those little children are well understood, but if you're a little older, even if it's a little bit older, you've got to have someone watching you for that day. Yes, and even adults must have someone at home for that day and not be allowed to drive home by car. But for a small child, parents are asked pretty soon when the anesthesia is over for the child and usually a young child continues to sleep there and then it is good to wake up when the mother or father is there waiting and comforting. Children rarely have any pain, those measures are such that they are not and then has a dentist usually anesthetized those sore spots then. Then let's go over these drugs themselves in what situation, and if we go first to the so-called light sedation or premedication, how should the choice between diazepam and midazolam be based on which one is chosen? Is it measure length and some of them have different half-lives and? Well, yes, it did and it brought the midazolam, or Dormicum, before then, it will of course go away faster and it will also work faster that it is good for it and then it will have a stronger effect on memory, that then you will not remember the unpleasant thing and the child in particular. Better than diazepam? It's a better memory-absorbing effect, yes. And then it might be more like preferential that even if it took two separate visits to midazolam than to diazepam. Well, almost yeah, and that diazepam is slower.